Hi, Mittal. Thanks very much for coming in today. What brings you in to see me? I've had a missing tooth on the bottom right for a long time, but it's just starting to bother me now. A gap. Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. And how long has it been, that gap? There, like five years. Five years. Okay. And it started to bother you in terms of the way when you're eating or how it looks? Both. So my kids make fun of it and call me "gappy." But also, I just feel like food is always flushing through that, so I'd like to try and see what I can do. Okay. I'm sorry to hear about that from the kids saying that. Certainly, and I completely understand. A lot of people are in the same situation, so we'll run through some options for you, definitely. Before we go ahead, Mittal, I'd just like to start with a few questions. Number one, basically about your health. Do you take any medications at all? I just take hay fever meds. Hay fever medication, and any, well, allergy to pollen, obviously. And any sort of family history of any problems at all? Just heart disease. Grandparent, I think. Thankfully, you're fit and healthy, which is good. In terms of any smoking at all? No. Brilliant. Any alcohol at all in an average week? Let's say five to ten units. Five to ten units per week. And Mittal, what do you do for a living, if you don't mind me asking? Because I know it's an issue in terms of aesthetics a bit from your kids' point of view. But what do you do for a living? I'm in sales. In sales. Okay, so constantly in front of people. Absolutely, completely understood. All right, so what we'll do, then, Mittal, thank you for running that by me. We're just going to sit the chair back, and we'll take a little look at what's going on first of all. Then we'll talk you through some options. All right. Brilliant. So just feeling around your jaw joints, and there's a left-hand side click of the TMJ. So basically, your jaw clicks a little bit on the left-hand side. Does that cause you any bother at all? No, I've not even noticed it. Not even noticed it? Okay, that's perfect. So we've made a note of it. We'll keep an eye on that for you. Inside your mouth, everything looks to be fine. You've had no other previous fillings. BP scores are zeros all around, so that's great. I just wanted to get an understanding because it's the first time you've come in to see us of your teeth in general and your bone level, so I'm going to take some X-ray pictures. Is that okay? Sure. Perfect. So, our bitewings reveal bone levels are all average and sound, and no radiolucencies suggestive of decay, which is good. I can see that lower right six space, that gap that we've got down there. So let me talk you through the different options that we've got. First of all, is having the gap, leaving it, and accepting it, which is what you've done for the last five years. If we do this, Mittal, what we're worried about is, over time, teeth tilting into that space and the top tooth over-erupting, coming down. This then makes it very difficult to clean, and also, with an increase of plaque buildup and gum problems, it can ultimately impact the jaw as well. So it's definitely something worthwhile considering to do something about now. The longer you leave it, and we have more of that tooth tilting, what we don't want to be in a position is where it's a bit too late to try and deal with that gap, as there's not enough room to deal with it, and you're already getting food getting sloshed around there and the aesthetics of it as well. So would you agree that we need to do something about that for you? Yeah. Brilliant. So, Mittal, the first of the options, really, is to consider something like a plate. Now, this is something that we would start off by taking some molds, some impressions of your teeth. We then see you to record how your teeth meet together. We'll then see you once more to do a little wax try-in of the teeth, to make sure that you're able to wear it comfortably and it all sits well with you before finally getting you the final denture itself. Now, it does come in a whole different array of materials, etc., as well, which we can talk through, but this is certainly something that is available to you. How does a denture sound to you at the moment? I'll wait till I hear the other options. Perfect. Absolutely fine. The next option is more of a fixed option. It's what we call a bridge. So this is where we use an adjacent tooth, which is quite nice and strong, as an anchor for a fake tooth to come into. We basically reduce the size of it, take a scan or mold, and fit you with a temporary so you're not left with a gap for the next two weeks. We've then got the actual bridge coming in. And in this scenario here, this was that fake tooth where we had the gap. Now, Mittal, because your gap is quite far back in the mouth, I'd rather not advise this one to you. I wouldn't recommend it. And the reason is, if you're biting down on this fake tooth, you're going to be causing problems to this tooth here, potentially getting this little rocking motion, and ultimately, we don't want to be in a situation where there could be a two-space gap in that area. Does that make sense? Yeah. Okay. Now, the final option is this, which is an implant. So it acts like a root within your bone. You've then got a connector and the cap or the crown that sits over the top of it. Now, if I was to sort of run you through that, the benefits of having this are, number one, where a denture is a bit removable, and I know you're a bit hesitant about that, the implant is fixed. The bridge involves removing or reducing or trimming down an adjacent tooth, whereas this is an independent unit. It's standalone, and thankfully, yours is just this one, the single unit, but it can be used in multiple other settings. Now, the longer you leave it, Mittal, we might want to do, or might have to do, something like a bone graft. Because if there's not enough bone in that area, the implant will not hold, and the bone graft is just adding a little bit of synthetic bone to that area, allowing that to heal up and giving us the strength that we need for that implant to take place. Now, how does that sound to you? Are you interested in going ahead with that implant? Yes. That looks like a good option. Brilliant. Based on the cost? Based on the cost, absolutely. In terms of the cost, the implant is around two and a half thousand pounds. And of course, we can talk you through some finance options as well. What we start with for an implant is a little scan of your jaw just to see the bone levels, and then we can work out the further details of the cost itself. Okay. Brilliant. So, Mittal, let's get you booked in for that next week. Does that sound all right to you? Yeah, brilliant.